today i am going to explain a mystery romance film
called chloe spoilers ahead watch out and take
care chloe is an escort who's well versed in the
art of wrapping men around her fingers in her line
of work chloe believers that knowing what words
to say and when to say them is just an important
as being able to do the job itself for her
understanding what a man wants eats part of her
job from her office window gynecologist catherine
du what watches as a man takes a younger beautiful
blonde woman inside a cup her receptionist calls
her informing her that her last appointment
is ready in a college catherine's husband david
works as a professor while in class one of his
students asks if she can take him to dinner david
politely refuses saying that he needs to catch a
flight home since it's his birthday at the stewart
residence catherine is throwing a party for david
and she entertains the guests while they wait for
the celebrate their son michael comes home with a
girl he heads upstairs to his room ignoring
catherine's invitation for him to join them
while catherine is talking to one of her
colleagues her phone rings david informs her
that he will be late since he missed his flight by
a few minutes disappointed catherine's asked him
what time he will be home and as david's telling
her that his next flight home is in two hours
the girl from his class approaches him
he apologizes to her but catherine hides
her frustration in favor to telling david that
they will wait for them after the party catherine
sees that the girl michael bought home is still
there and when she tries telling her son that
the girl needs to leave michael slams the door
on her face defeated catherine just lets him be
the following morning catherine wakes up to
the second of a razor and sees david shaving
in the bathroom david apologizes again and when
catherine says she should have told him about
the party david agrees catherine then tells david
that his parents are in office but he informs her
that he will be late again for dinner due to
a school meeting then lives later on michael's
guest walks around the house in her underwear all
for catherine to see when michael comes out of
his room catherine tries telling her son that what
they are doing is not okay michael however claims
that his dad knows that the girl was staying in
their house for the night this takes catherine
by surprise and she asked him why nobody's
told her about the girl and he corrects her
saying that her name is anna when asked if they're
using protection anna replies assuring catherine
that they do before turning away catherine reminds
them that this is not going to happen every night
while at home catherine hears david's phone crime
when she turns it on catherine sees a message
from a girl named miranda thanking him for the
previous night with their picture together attest
later that night catherine and david meet
catherine's colleague frank at a restaurant
a waitress then comes to take their order and
david asks her what she can recommend for drinks
as the waitress tells them to get the maybach
vineyard catherine suddenly feels uncomfortable
she asks frank where the bathroom is then excuses
herself from the table in the bathroom catherine
tells her here down before getting in one of the
stalls while catherine does her business she hears
a woman crying she asks the woman if she's okay
and then woman tells her she's fine catherine
then asked her if she can do anything and when
the woman tells her that there's no toilet paper
in her stall catherine gives her some outside the
stalls the woman chloe thanks catherine she takes
out a hairpin and tells katherine that she dropped
it but catherine says it's not hers chloe insists
on giving it to catherine saying she wants her to
have it but catherine refuses and tells chloe that
she needs to get back to her husband catherine
returns to their table and while she is looking
around she sees chloe with her dad on their drive
home catherine asks her husband if he finds the
waitress sexy but david teases her saying that
he is just being friendly catherine then asked
david if he intentionally missed his fight but
david replies that it doesn't matter whether he
missed it intentionally or by mistake finally she
asked him if he went out for a drink and david
lies saying that he didn't one day catherine sees
chloe go to high class bar from her office window
in the evening catherine goes to that same bar
to wait for the woman when she is about to get
a drink chloe sits behind catherine and asked her
to buy her a drink catherine asks what she wants
and chloe tells her that she'll have whatever
catherine is having chloe tells katherine that
she doesn't usually meet with women and catherine
straightforwardly tells her that david would
like her teasing her chloe asked if catherine
chooses her husband's old man for him to which
she says no after getting chloe's name catherine
gets down to business and admits that she thinks
david is cheating on her and that she wants to
find out if he is this is where chloe comes in
she instructs her to present herself to david and
see what he will do catherine describes david when
chloe asked what he looks like then adds that he
usually has lunch and reads his newspaper at cafe
diplomatico to craft a more solid backstory
catherine directs chloe to tell david that
she is student studying to be an interpreter
equipped with enough information about david
chloe sets things in motion by approaching him at
the cafe asking him if she could borrow his sugar
after her encounter with david chloe meets kathryn
next and describes to her how things went she says
she saw david at the cafe reading his newspaper
and that he pretended to read as she borrowed his
sugar he then approached her to ask if she was
a student and she replied that she was studying
japanese according to chloe david asked her to say
something in japanese which made her blush finally
david asked for her name then chloe assures
catherine that nothing happened still catherine
is upset that david approached her in an atom
to make her feel better chloe reports that david
barely flirted with her and that he was just being
friendly when catherine just silently stares at
her croy admits that david is cute then she asked
chloe how she does it struggling croy explains
that she tries to find something to love in all
her clients even if it's just a small thing with
that catherine takes out an envelope and gives it
to chloe seeing that the money is inside and she
wants to do this one more time however catherine
makes it clear that the next time they do it will
be the last at home catherine finds david on
his computer laughing at chatting with someone
she goes upstairs to michael's bedroom where she
hears him talking to anna catherine picks throw
his door but anna sees her and michael slams his
door shut catherine then speaks with david to ask
who he is chatting with and david tells her that
one of his student and then they are already done
abruptly changing the subject katherine
informs david that michael is being dumped
but david assures her that their son is going to
be okay adding that he's in therapy in a moment
of frustration catherine says that she doesn't
know how to be michael's mother anymore then she
questions david about anna sleeping over and a
guilty looking david only tells her that surely
she must remember what doing her was like he asked
catherine to drink with him then thanks her for
the party suddenly david feels a bit melancholic
and he asked his wife when they stopped picking up
each other from the airport and waiting for each
other at the gate catherine says she doesn't
know david tells her that she's trying to recall
when it happened and catherine lemons about how
busy they both got she tries to kiss him but david
turns away to take a swing of his drink instead he
claims to have forgotten that he still has papers
to attend to and his wife pretending to be okay
encourages him to get to work before leaving him
one morning chloe takes catherine and asks to meet
her at rivoli there catherine apologizes to chloe
saying that she was just feeling a little insecure
lately and that they should just forget what
happened however chloe tells her that it's too
late since she's already seen david when catherine
asked her where she saw him chloe replies that she
was at the cafe frequency and she approached him
as catherine asked her to before going to lunch
the two continue their conversation in a
coffee shop where chloe describes to catherine
what they did chloe says that they bought sandwich
then she asked him about his teaching she says
david started talking about his music and just
started at her that's when david asked if he could
kiss her this immediately upsets catherine and she
asserts that she didn't ask chloe to do that but
chloe is quick to add that david said he couldn't
kiss her because he's married chloe then says that
david asked her if there's somewhere he could kiss
her where no one would see them and as catherine
listens it roy says that she told david to go to
allen gardens a green house seeing catherine's
face chloe asked her if she wants her to stop
but catherine tells her to continue chloe obliges
mentioning that there was no one in the greenhouse
and after finding the perfect spot david
brought his mouth to her lips catherine stops
chloe from talking saying she was just supposed
to meet up with david see what he did and report
back to her confused chloe says she doesn't know
what catherine wants but catherine tells her that
she made a mistake and that she shouldn't have
involved her catherine then leaves while chloe
is left even more confused as catherine starts to
drive she accidentally bumps into the car in
front of her she apologizes to the driver and
just in time she sees chloe leaving on her bicycle
however chloe doesn't even reach that far when
her bicycle suddenly slips catherine helps her
and treats her scraps knee and chloe apologizes
chloe returns to her story about david describing
in detail what she did to him she tells catherine
that she moved her hand inside his pants and that
she kept moving it before biting his tongue making
david finish on her hand catherine urges her
to continue her story and chloe says that david
had to go to work so he worked away after some
consideration catherine wants chloe to take some
tests to show that she is clean and chloe has no
problem according to this as catherine drives whom
she imagines chloe being intimate with her husband
after a long day catherine takes the shower
and goes to bed with david not knowing that he's
still awake the following day chloe takes her test
result to catherine's office and as she waits for
catherine michael arrives to pick up his tuxedo
learning that he is katherine's son chloe
introduces herself to michael and flirts with
him after her appointment with one of her parents
catherine takes chloe's result from her and chloe
reminds her about something that's supposed
to happen that day later on catherine meets
her friends and as they talk she can't help but
think about david she then receives a text from
chloe telling her to go to a certain hotel room
in there catherine finds the used bed and in the
bathroom player walks naked after putting on a
robe chloe once again describes to catherine how
she and david checked into the hotel explicitly
tells her how they made love and while she does
she asks catherine if her story is turning
on her when catherine doesn't answer kroy
continues talking catherine starts to get
upset but she sets aside her feelings and
gives chloe herpe the two of them leave the room
together and as they wait for the elevator kathryn
notices the smell of chloe's lotion so chloe puts
some on catherine's hand feeling sad catherine
tells chloe how her relationship with david used
to be she starts getting overwhelmed and sits
on the couch and as she cries chloe suddenly
kisses her this shocks catherine who immediately
breaks the kiss and lifts after watching michael's
piano restitute david kisses catherine's hand
and notices that she is wearing perfume
she corrects him saying that it's lotion
and when david turns away to talk to someone
catherine can't help but feel troubled she
abruptly leaves michael's after party to find
chloe and they check into a hotel together
in their catherine undresses chloe and ask her to
describe how david likes to touch her chloe shows
her how by kissing her shoulders and it isn't long
before the two woman starts making love with chloe
taking the lead and dominating catherine later
night catherine shares a cab with chloe to go home
and once they reach her residence cat scene
for beats chloe from seeing david again before
catherine leaves chloe gives her a hairpin saying
it used to be her mother's catherine takes it and
as she is about to go chloe asks if she wants to
see her again but catherine could only tell her
that she doesn't know with catherine being home
later than usual david quickly interrogates her
he demands to know if she is having an affair if
she is in love and catherine asked if it makes
a difference david tells her that it does
she ask him if he is in love and david gets
mad for being the new subject of interrogation
when catherine was the one who was gone the
whole night and not him they start arguing with
catherine calling david this treat with his woman
but he reports that he just appreciates other
women's beauty and that it doesn't mean he's
fooling around now shouting catherine begins up
how she notices him flirting with every woman he
meets but david insists that he is not having an
affair their argument is suddenly interrupted by
michael but as they order him to go back to his
room he angrily tells them how much he can't wait
to get out of their house the following morning
catherine gets late for work and when she opens
her email she receives a picture from chloe that
shows the two of them sleeping together catherine
immediately calls her and chloe says she's in
her waiting room catherine turns around and sure
enough chloe is standing there with a bucket the
two of them sit and catherine apologizes to chloe
as she tells her that they need to stop whatever's
happening between them when chloe says that she
doesn't want it to be over catherine offers her
money but chloe says it isn't about that though
chloe starts crying catherine is determined to
end things between them so she asks chloe to
live unbeknownst to catherine chloe visits michael
at his eyes hockey practice afterward and flirts
with him once more later one catherine receives a
text from chloe saying that she already left david
she then calls chloe and asked to meet her at
cafe diplomatico without telling her catherine
also invites david along at the cafe david arrives
before chloe and he demands catherine to tell him
what's going on catherine then says that she wants
them to be truthful to each other before asking
david if there's something he would like to tell
her finally david admits that he didn't actually
miss his flight by mistake he just
didn't want to have a birthday party
so he stayed with his students to have a drink
with them when catherine's begins up miranda david
gets frustrated and accuses his wife of spying
on him catherine in turn accuses him of sleep
with miranda but david denies this saying that he
only flirted with her of course catherine doesn't
believe him arrives shortly after and approaches
their table david sees her but he doesn't seem to
recognize the woman he supposedly slept with chloe
starts turning around to leave and when david asks
catherine who chloe is catherine realizes that she
was just making up all those stories about her and
david with this she tells david that chloe is a
nobody david goes but catherine follows after him
to confess what she did she admits to hiring
chloe to tempt him because she thought that
he was having an affair catherine also reveals
that chloe lied about sleeping with david and
she believed everything chloe told her
with her emotions finally speeding from her
she starts telling david about her insecurities
before admitting that she slept with chloe
although he is surprised by his wife's confession
david doesn't get mad instead he kisses catherine
meanwhile chloe goes to catherine's house to
hook up with michael right in his parents bedroom
when catherine comes home she finds michael and
chloe sleeping in their bed as soon as michael
wakes up he panics and asks chloe to live with
him katherine pushes her son out of their room
to start arguing with chloe telling her to stay
away from michael angry chloe takes the hairpin
she gave catherine and confesses that she's
in love with her they continue to argue with
chloe claiming that catherine wouldn't have gotten
david back if it weren't for her meanwhile michael
finds another way to enter his parents bedroom
without catherine noticing and when catherine
asked chloe what she wants chloe says she wants
catherine to kiss her she ends up complying and
as the two kiss catherine catches sight of
michael watching startled catherine suddenly
pushes chloe away from her and towards the bedroom
window fortunately chloe manages to hold on to the
frame but she decides to let go of it catherine
stays in david's arm as the cop arrives to take
chloe's body and get michael's statement later
on catherine wears chloe's hairpin to a party